Docs: Clean up influxdb.md (#20618)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/features/datasources/influxdb.md

# Using InfluxDB in Grafana

> Grafana ships with a very feature rich data source plugin for InfluxDB. It supports a feature rich query editor, annotation and templating queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Grafana ships with a feature-rich data source plugin for InfluxDB. It offers a custom query editor, and support for annotations and templated queries.
```

What do you think? Optional.

> Grafana ships with a feature-rich data source plugin for InfluxDB. It offers a custom query editor, and support for annotations and templated queries.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Grafana ships with a feature-rich data source plugin for InfluxDB. The plugin includes a custom query editor and supports annotations and query templates.
```

> ## Adding the data source

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Add the data source
```

Reviewer 2: Try to use verbs rather than gerunds in headings.

{{< docs-imagebox img="/img/docs/v45/influxdb_query_still.png" class="docs-image--no-shadow" animated-gif="/img/docs/v45/influxdb_query.gif" >}}

> You can find the InfluxDB editor in the metrics tab in a Graph or Singlestat panel's edit mode. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Find the InfluxDB editor under the metrics tab, while in the edit mode of the Graph or Singlestat panels. 
```

Reviewer: Just a suggestion on how to further improve the text. Optional.

> You can enter edit mode by clicking the panel title, then edit. The editor allows you to select metrics and tags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enter edit mode by clicking the panel title, and clicking **Edit**. The editor allows you to select metrics and tags.
```

### Filter data (WHERE)
To add a tag filter click the plus icon to the right of the `WHERE` condition. You can remove tag filters by clicking on
the tag key and select `--remove tag filter--`.

**Regex matching**

> You can type in regex patterns for metric names or tag filter values. Be sure to wrap the regex pattern in forward slashes (`/`). Grafana

Reviewer 2: Remove the line break. Also, should "Regex" be capitalized here?"

Author: I removed the line break. I see "regex" in a lot of the rest of Grafana docs and nothing definitive in the documentation style guide, so I think it's ok as "regex" solely for consistency. Do you mean for a particular reason other than in general? i.e. should it always be "Regex"?

Reviewer 2: Looks like "regex" is a standard term. Good to know!

> will automatically adjust the filter tag condition to use the InfluxDB regex match condition operator (`=~`).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
automatically adjusts the filter tag condition to use the InfluxDB regex match condition operator (`=~`).
```

Author: I committed this suggestion separately because the github UI thinks it's outdated. Looks good to me though!

{{< docs-imagebox img="/img/docs/v45/influxdb_query_still.png" class="docs-image--no-shadow" animated-gif="/img/docs/v45/influxdb_query.gif" >}}

> Find the InfluxDB editor under the metrics tab, while in the edit mode of the Graph or Singlestat panels. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can access the InfluxDB editor under the metrics tab when you are in the edit mode of the Graph or Singlestat panels. 
```

> Enter edit mode by clicking the panel title, and clicking **Edit**. The editor allows you to select metrics and tags.

Reviewer 2: The second sentence of this paragraph should be earlier.

Describe what the editor does, and thus why you might want to get to it.
Then explain how to access the editor.

Author: I'm not comfortable making this level of change to the docs.

Reviewer 2: No problem.

### Filter data (WHERE)
To add a tag filter click the plus icon to the right of the `WHERE` condition. You can remove tag filters by clicking on

> the tag key and select `--remove tag filter--`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the tag key and then selecting `--remove tag filter--`.
```

Reviewer 2: Please remove the line break between 71 and 72.

**Regex matching**

You can type in regex patterns for metric names or tag filter values. Be sure to wrap the regex pattern in forward slashes (`/`). Grafana automatically adjusts the filter tag condition to use the InfluxDB regex match condition operator (`=~`).

### Field and Aggregation functions
In the `SELECT` row you can specify what fields and functions you want to use. If you have a

> group by time you need an aggregation function. Some functions like derivative require an aggregation function. The editor tries to simplify and unify this part of the query. For example:<br>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
group by time you need an aggregation function. Some functions like derivative require an aggregation function. The editor tries to simplify and unify this part of the query. For example:

```

Reviewer 2: Please do not use `<br>`. Use a hard return or a blank line instead.

> ![](/img/docs/influxdb/select_editor.png)<br>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
![](/img/docs/influxdb/select_editor.png)
```

> The above will generate the following InfluxDB `SELECT` clause:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The above generates the following InfluxDB `SELECT` clause:
```

## Annotations

> [Annotations]({{< relref "reference/annotations.md" >}}) allows you to overlay rich event information on top of graphs. Add annotation queries via the Dashboard menu / Annotations view.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Annotations]({{< relref "reference/annotations.md" >}}) allows you to overlay rich event information on top of graphs. Add annotation queries using the Annotations view in the Dashboard menu.
```

An example query:

```SQL
SELECT title, description from events WHERE $timeFilter ORDER BY time ASC
```

> For InfluxDB, you need to enter a query like the one in the example above. The ```where $timeFilter``` component is required. If you only select one column you need not enter anything in the column mapping fields. The Tags field can be a comma separated string.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For InfluxDB, you need to enter a query like the one in the example above. The ```where $timeFilter``` component is required. If you only select one column, then you do not need to enter anything in the column mapping fields. The **Tags** field can be a comma-separated string.
```

Author: @marcusolsson just suggested the "need not" wording. I don't feel strongly either way.

## Configure the data source with provisioning

> It's now possible to configure data sources using config files with Grafana's provisioning system. You can read more about how it works and all the settings you can set for data sources on the [provisioning docs page](/administration/provisioning/#datasources)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can now configure data sources using config files with Grafana's provisioning system. You can read more about how it works and all the settings you can set for data sources on the [provisioning docs page](/administration/provisioning/#datasources).
```

## Annotations

> [Annotations]({{< relref "reference/annotations.md" >}}) allows you to overlay rich event information on top of graphs. You can add annotation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Annotations]({{< relref "reference/annotations.md" >}}) allows you to overlay rich event information on top of graphs. Add annotation
```

Reviewer 2: Please remove the line break between lines 206 and 207.

Author: Done and done.

SELECT title, description from events WHERE $timeFilter ORDER BY time ASC
```

> For InfluxDB you need to enter a query like in the above example. The ```where $timeFilter``` component is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For InfluxDB, you need to enter a query like the one in the example above. The ```where $timeFilter``` component is required.
```

> If you only select one column you do not need to enter anything in the column mapping fields. The

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you only select one column you need not enter anything in the column mapping fields. The
```
